Q: What is the college name?
A: PT Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker College of Engineering and Technology.

Q: Where is the college located?
A: Oovery, Veliyur post, Kancheepuram.

Q: What departments are available?
A: CSE, ECE, MECH, IT, EEE,AIDS.

Q: What are the fees for CSE?
A: 75,000 per year.

Q: What are the fees for ECE?
A: 50,000 per year.

Q: What are the fees for MECH?
A: 35,000 per year.

Q: What are the fees for IT?
A: 75,000 per year.

Q: What are the fees for EEE?
A: 50,000 per year.

Q: What are the fees for AIDS?
A: 1,00,000 per year.

Q: What companies come for placement?
A: Foxconn, TVS , Flex, HP Hewlett Packard, ZOHO, HYUNDAI, RENAULT, ABI-SHOWATECH, TECH Mahindra, Infosys, Hexaware, Cognizant, TCS-TATA Consultancy services, TATA, HONDA, BAJAJ .

Q: What extracurricular activities are available?
A: NSS.

Q: What sports facilities are available?
A: All indoor and outdoor games are available. Sports ground is spread over 4 acres.

Q: Is hostel available?
A: Yes, hostel is available for both boys and girls.

Q: What is the boys hostel capacity?
A: 300 students.

Q: What is the girls hostel capacity?
A: 250 students.

Q: What are the library facilities?
A: Seating capacity is 150, number of books is 14318, and 38 journals are subscribed.

Q: What are the other advantages available??
A:Other advantages include the organization of skill development programs to enhance participants’ abilities.

Q: The college website is?
A: https://ptleecncet.com/index.php

Q: About your college?
A: P.T.Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker College of Engineering & Technology is the outcome of our great Philanthropist, late Shri. P. T.Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker (1829 - 1874) with a sole aim of providing, Technical Education to the poor and downtrodden people beside other social and religious activities. The College is literally situated in Oovery , 8 kms from kancheepuram and 18 kms from Arakkonam. The College is a private, self – financed Institution, affiliated to Anna University, approved by AICTE. The College is a unit of P.T.Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker Trust, Vepery, Chennai – 600 007. The Trust is governed by the board of trustees, appointed by the High Court. Our Trust is a public charitable trust that has taken up, providing education to the socially neglected people as, it’s sole aim.Our College Provides six Engineering Courses, such as B.E(ECE), B.E(MECH),B.E(EEE),B.E(CSE),B.TECH(IT) and B.TECH(AI&DS).

Q: How to pay the fees?
A: on online portal - https://ptleecncet.com/Online_Payment_System.php

Q: What type of events are conducted?
A: Farewell, Cultural, Pongal Celebration and some events are conducted on specific dates based on the occasion.

Q: why this bot?
A: This chatbot is created to provide quick and easy access to college information without the need for manual inquiry. It helps students save time by giving instant answers about courses, fees, and other details.

Q: Is there any special offer based on cutoff?
A: Yes, the college provides fee concessions based on students' cutoff marks.

   175 and above – 100% fee concession (full free)

   160 to 174 – 50% fee concession

   150 to 159 – 25% fee concession

Q: Who is the Director of the college?
A: The Director is Prof. Dr. M. ARULARASU, M.E., Ph.D., Former Additional Director, DOTE, Chennai.

Q: Who is the Principal of the college?
A: The Principal is Dr. P. PALANISAMY, M.E., Ph.D.

Q: Who is the Chief Patron of the college/chairman?
A: The Chief Patron is Thiru. Justice P. KALAIVARASAN, Former Judge of the High Court of Madras and Chairman of PT Lee CN Trust, Chennai.

Q: Who is Tamizharasu?
A: Tamizharasu is the founder of this chatbot, a smart and creative mind who built this system to help students easily —Tamil anna sooooooooooo 🔥

Q: Does the college have a canteen?
A: Yes,the canteen mainly provides snacks and light refreshments for students.

Q: Does the college provide medical facilities?
A: Yes, medical assistance is available to handle emergencies and support student health..The medical facility is excellent and ensures proper care and support for students.

Q: What are the college bus routes/Does the college provide transportation?
A: Yes, the college provides transportation facilities through multiple bus routes covering different areas for students and staff.
   

Bus No. 1 – Walajabad

Bus No. 2 – Vandavasi

Bus No. 3 – Vadamanapakkam

Bus No. 4 – Kaveripakkam

Bus No. 5 – Sunguvarchatram

Bus No. 6 – Tiruttani

Bus No. 7 – Cheyyar

Bus No. 8 – Valavanur (Brahmadesam)

Bus No. 9 – Sholingur

Bus No. 10 – R.K. Pet

Bus No. 11 – Arcot

Q: Is there a place in the college to relax or sit peacefully?
A: Yes, the college has a calm and peaceful sitting area located at the center of the campus where students can relax and spend time quietly.

Q: How to apply for admission in the college?
A: Students can apply for admission through the TNEA government website using the college code 1226 or they can also apply directly by visiting the college campus and the admission process has already started in our college, and students can apply now.



